First Draft of the September Newsletter! (#10)
hackclub/newsletter: 2022-09-september/README.md

# 🎒 🍃 ✨ What the hack happened this month at Hack Club?

Hey friends!

> <img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM-USNPNJXNX-1194588c3884-48" width="16"> [Sam](https://github.com/sampoder), Hack Clubber from Singapore, here. It's been a busy couple of weeks in the Hack Club community, I wanted to email all of you with a rundown of what your fellow Hack Clubbers have been up to this past month! 

Reviewer: a grammar note: there's lots of places that i think should be semicolons instead of commas; it still makes sense with commas, but unsure if you want to change them?
```suggestion
<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM-USNPNJXNX-1194588c3884-48" width="16"> [Sam](https://github.com/sampoder), Hack Clubber from Singapore, here. It's been a busy couple of weeks in the Hack Club community; I wanted to email all of you with a rundown of what your fellow Hack Clubbers have been up to this past month! 
```

Author: ~~I'm always scared to use semicolons~~

_(<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM-U026XSMKEDC-a471d7e9c871-512" width="16"> Maggie made some of [the most incredible swag designs](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/maggie) for Leland Hacks! No wonder everyone's swarming the swag table.)_

And over the next semester, there's many more high school hackathons in stall across the globe:

- [Sego Lily Hacks](https://www.segolilyhacks.com/) ~ October 7–8 in Salt Lake City, UT
- [Hack Austin!](https://hackaustin.net/) ~ October 16 in Austin, TX 
- [Unite Hacks](https://www.unitehacks.com/) ~ October 22 in Oakland, CA
- [Tri-Valley Hacks](https://www.trivalleyhacks.org/) ~ October 29–30 in Pleasanton, CA
- [Hack Orlando](https://hackorlando.org/) ~ October 29 in Orlando, FL
- [poolesville_hacks 2](https://poolesvillehacks.tech/) ~ November 18-20 in Poolesville, MD
- [Lion City Hacks](https://lioncityhacks.com/) ~ December 3 in Singapore
- [HackOC](https://hackoc.org/) ~ Date TBC in Orange County, CA

We keep an directory of upcoming high school hackathons at [hackathons.hackclub.com](https://hackathons.hackclub.com), strongly recommend it!

> It's been amazing seeing Hack Clubbers are working together in [#hackathon-organizers](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C03QSGGCJN7) to create all these magical hackathons. In that Slack channel we talk about raising money, prizes, food, swag & more! As someone organising my own hackathon, it's means a lot to have a group of friends there to help me along the way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's been amazing seeing Hack Clubbers working together in [#hackathon-organizers](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C03QSGGCJN7) to create all these magical hackathons. In that Slack channel we talk about raising money, prizes, food, swag & more! As someone organising my own hackathon, it means a lot to have a group of friends there to help me along the way.
```

> <img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM-UBN4ED8MC-293374a1dd8b-48" width="16"> Theo, a Hack Club alum who's cold emailing made the [Elon Musk AMA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riru9OzScwk) possible, has been kindly helping edit sponsor's pitches for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="https://ca.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM-UBN4ED8MC-293374a1dd8b-48" width="16"> Theo, a Hack Club alum whose cold emailing made the [Elon Musk AMA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riru9OzScwk) possible, has been kindly helping edit sponsor's pitches for example:
```

<img width="420" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-24 at 10 41 46 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192104131-37b2257e-4bf3-40c3-893d-9200bd732005.png">

On a related note, just last week, we shared **[🎬 The Assemble Documentary](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnK4gzO6S3Q)**: a film on Assemble to help answer the question “what is a hackathon?“. It showcases the magical experience of attending a hackathon, and our hope is that it can help organisers share what’s in store for attendees at their hackathons.

<a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PnK4gzO6S3Q">
  <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192104361-fb7b2dd1-14d5-4297-9aa0-b37cd96dc912.jpg" width="400px" />
</a>

So that's what's been happening this month! Looking to escape school & get more involved? Here a couple of great ways to get more involved in the community at the moment:

> - 👋 Join a [Hack Night](https://hackclub.com/night/) call! Every Saturday evening (in America, for me its Sunday morning!), we all jump on a Zoom call to hang out and code together. 

Reviewer 2: @sampoder do people normally code on hack nights? if not, maybe we can say smth like hang out with teenagers around the world?

Author: i feel like there's 50% chance there'll be coding

Author: i want keep coding as it gives people a clear way in

- 🌈 Organise a hackathon using [Hack Club Bank](https://hackclub.com/bank), with the help of fellow organisers in [#hackathon-organizers](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C03QSGGCJN7) and with one of [our $500 high-school hackathon grants](https://hackclub.com/hackathons/grant). 

> - 🎒 Bring together of friends together & bring the hack to your school by starting a club: https://apply.hackclub.com!

Reviewer: > Bring together of friends together

??

Author: yes, i english

> - 🍃 Procrastinate by playing games in [Sprig Gallery](https://sprig.hackclub.com/gallery), or, even better, "productively procrastinate" by [making a Sprig game](https://editor.sprig.hackclub.com/).

Reviewer: idk... is Sprig Gallery a proper noun?
```suggestion
- 🍃 Procrastinate by playing games in the [Sprig Gallery](https://sprig.hackclub.com/gallery), or, even better, "productively procrastinate" by [making a Sprig game](https://editor.sprig.hackclub.com/).
```

> - 🔥 Start a streak on [Scrapbook](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com). (Personally, I've just started posting about  learning Redwood [on mine](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/sampoder)!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🔥 Start a streak on [Scrapbook](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com). (Personally, I've just started posting about learning Redwood [on mine](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/sampoder)!)
```

> - 🔥 Start a streak on [Scrapbook](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com). (Personally, I've just started [a new streak on mine](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/sampoder) as I learn how to use RedwoodJS!)

Reviewer: lol sam your streak is gone D:

i'd link to javi & his 365+ (even if scrappy counted wrong, lol) streak

Author: ![](https://emoji.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM/jankman/09159ada2ee32987.png)
![](https://emoji.slack-edge.com/T0266FRGM/sadglas/a161abce92be7f7e.png)

> - 🔥 Start a streak on [Scrapbook](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com). (Personally, I've just started [a new streak on mine](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/sampoder) as I learn how to use RedwoodJS!)

Author: ```suggestion
- 🔥 Start a streak on [Scrapbook](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com). (Personally, I've just started posting about  learning Redwood [on mine](https://scrapbook.hackclub.com/sampoder)!)
```

## 🎒 Hacking The Back To School

This month, it's been back to school for Hack Clubbers. That's meant the return of homework and late nights for many of us (_ugh._) but also some incredible club meetings, for example, here's @Linkai & @Tinu Vanapamula's meeting from last week:

<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192078880-2cbc6379-c30b-48e9-8ad3-67fb687069fa.jpg" width="300px" />

What a turnout that is in Silver Spring, MD! Nice work Linkai & Tinu! It's fabulous seeing clubs, new & old, drawing such large crowds at their schools. My school's club is about to kick off for the year and I'm excited to get back to making something new every Monday lunch break! 

To prepare for the new school year, clubs have been busy shipping new websites for themselves. It's always interesting to see each leader's unique take on what a Hack Club is and how they pitch it to prospective members. Here are a couple of my favourites:

<img width="600" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-24 at 10 25 19 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192103277-2bea558a-186d-4340-bf6b-cecf7d5419a5.png">

> [CCHS Hack Club (Chicopee, MS)](https://cchshackclub.hackclub.com) - website built by @jc! That Julia Fractal (the generative art on the right) is stunning 🤩. We have [a workshop](https://workshops.hackclub.com/julia_fractals/) that you can use to make a similar piece, if you're curious. @jc has open sourced [her approach here](https://github.com/cchshackclub/website/blob/main/index.js), it's a super interesting piece of code to read!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[CCHS Hack Club (Chicopee, MA)](https://cchshackclub.hackclub.com) - website built by @jc! That Julia Fractal (the generative art on the right) is stunning 🤩. We have [a workshop](https://workshops.hackclub.com/julia_fractals/) that you can use to make a similar piece, if you're curious. @jc has open sourced [her approach here](https://github.com/cchshackclub/website/blob/main/index.js), it's a super interesting piece of code to read!
```

- [Hack Orlando](https://hackorlando.org/) ~ October 29 in Orlando, FL
- [poolesville_hacks 2](https://poolesvillehacks.tech/) ~ November 18-20 in Poolesville, MD
- [Lion City Hacks](https://lioncityhacks.com/) ~ December 3 in Singapore
- [HackOC](https://hackoc.org/) ~ Date TBC in Orange County, CA

We keep an directory of upcoming hackathons at [hackathons.hackclub.com](https://hackathons.hackclub.com), strongly recommend it!

What's amazing is how us Hack Clubbers are working together in [#hackathon-organizers](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C03QSGGCJN7) to create all these magical hackathons. In that Slack channel we talk about raising money, prizes, food, swag & more! As someone organising my own hackathon, it's means a lot to have a group of friends there to help me along the way.

@tmb, a Hack Club alum who's cold emailing made the [Elon Musk AMA](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riru9OzScwk) possible, has been kindly helping edit sponsor's pitches for example:

<img width="420" alt="Screenshot 2022-09-24 at 10 41 46 PM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192104131-37b2257e-4bf3-40c3-893d-9200bd732005.png">

> Everyone's been using [Hack Club Bank](https://hackclub.com/bank) to manage their hackathon's finances. What's great about Bank is that it's got [an API](https://bank.hackclub.com/docs/api/v3), that's meant we've seen a fair few ships using the Bank API in cool contexts! @reesericci & @maggie have each managed to get Hack Club Bank [into their terminal through cURL](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C0M8PUPU6/p1662749672495989) & [on their phone's homepage](https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C0M8PUPU6/p1662531002368819) respectively:
> 
> | | |
> |---|---|
> |<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192105080-50bde8ca-c9fc-4d75-8024-6f148474f873.png" width="400px">|<img width="370" alt="image (2)" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/39828164/192105264-1afbb560-4cae-40d3-b435-d9ed686e8999.png">|

Author: ```suggestion
```

(suggestion from @bellesea on Slack: https://hackclub.slack.com/archives/C03U48CQ1BL/p1664042062543489?thread_ts=1663766685.755069&cid=C03U48CQ1BL)
